don't speak too loudly they're listening
to every word you came here for the
truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are going to look at something different
how the CIA created Google I have so
much information to cover I'm just going
to touch on these points and you'll be
able to take that information if you
decide to and look into it deeper but
with this information I'll give you
today you will have a full understanding
of how this all came to be
so let's begin in 2004 Google bought
this company called keyhole and this
software that they have is what we now
know today as Google Earth
I'm sure you've used it yourself now
keyhole was part owned by the CIA and
the NGA happens to be the sister agency
to the NSA and everybody knows what
they're all up to keyhole also had one
major client base lo and behold the US
military and intelligence agencies okay
so that's important to note and then I
want to cover this in queue tell a
venture capital fund run by the CIA on
behalf of the military and intelligence
community made a strategic investment in
keyhole a month before the u.s. launched
Operation Iraqi Freedom there's a lot
I've just gone over in the short period
of time there's more to that let's get
into this right away this is a press
release in QTL announces strategic
investment in keyhole back in 2003
in-q-tel a private non
prov a venture fund funded by the CIA
today announced a strategic investment
in keyhole a pioneer of interactive 3d
earth visualization so it goes on to
talk about what it's all about but this
is the official press release for that
okay moving on former CIA officer Robert
Steele said that the CIA's office of
research and development had at one
point provided funding for Google
according to its literature Ord had a
charter to push beyond the
state-of-the-art developing and applying
technologies and equipment more advanced
than anything commercially available
including communications sensors
semiconductors high-speed computing
artificial intelligence image
recognition and database management
that's what Google is okay there's more
about that the connections there alright
let's just move on very quickly you may
have heard this information before now
the investment arms of the CIA and
Google are both backing a company that
monitors the web in real time says it
uses the information to predict the
future so the CIA and Google once again
working together they are as far as I'm
concerned one in the same just with this
couple minutes year of information I
believe that I had given you enough to
understand how close the ties are
between the CIA and Google but I want to
take it deeper and in doing so I need
you to keep an open mind I need you to
take the information for what it is and
maybe you can just ignore it later on if
you decide to
but hang in there okay we're going to
get into some interesting things you may
remember this Geraldo Rivera went into
Afghanistan and he interviewed these
military US military here and I put the
closed captioning on on purpose
Geraldo says this gentleman here it must
really grind your gears that you are out
here protecting the opium poppy fields
that you are here allowing this to
continue and you know this is your
current job and what he said
first of all we provide them security
we're providing them resources that is a
documented fact by the US military
personnel at that time this is a fact
this is not something I created ok let's
confirm that ok he basically says this
is none of my business
we're just here to protect them because
it's in everyone's best interest so
that's what we're going to do all right
that's one thing hang in there for the
reason I mentioned that now back in 1979
there was a little battle in between the
Soviets and Afghanistan
and right here I'm going to show you a
bunch of information it's a bit
scattered so stay with me we're talking
about this particular individual but
this right here the Mujahideen their
training and weaponry were mainly
supplied by the CIA that is a fact
there's linkage here to everyone's
favorite Bowl sama all right the also
mentioned in here Afghan camps the CIA
helped set up we know this to be a fact
there is much more in here let me just
quickly mention this okay
1979 there's this battle the CIA funds
this rebel group just as they are doing
today and there whatever you want to
call it rebel fighters whatever that
that's basically the Mujahideen okay
rebel fighters and they start funding
them one of those individuals is Osama
get him in there starts to run the show
and they basically weren't able to get
the Soviets out of their success right
well not exactly
because they were trained they were
given funding weapons everything they
needed and then this battles over and
all of a sudden well you trained all
these rebel fighters they're armed to
the teeth suddenly things start to
happen alright
more info here some of the five hundred
million dollars that the CIA poured into
Afghanistan reached his group they're
talking about the same would how the
group you know there's more in here let
me just move on here I don't want to get
into the whole history you even have
Hillary Clinton talking about this very
fact admitting it going through all of
the details
but I put the closed captioning on and
just to show you this one point the u.s.
is responsible for what we are facing
today she says and we created a force a
Mujahideen equipped them with Stinger
missiles and goes on and on
she literally admits everything I just
said in an interview basically saying
look we gotta take them out and all this
stuff like so I'm not just saying it I'm
just piecing the information together
she's just confirming that here is a
photo of Reagan with the Mujahideen I
think this was from the 80s 1983 in fact
just to show you it's a fact it's a fact
anyway all right so Osama left Saudi
Arabia to fight the Soviet Army in
Afghanistan after Moscow's invasion in
1979 by 84 he was running this
organization Mac which funneled money
arms and fighters outside the world into
the Afghan war what we need to
understand is that this has all been
going on since 1979
give him the funding give him the
training give him the weapons they
expanded and expanded got more powerful
and ultimately they are what we have
today in the Middle East in North Africa
not allowed to talk about that but you
know what I'm talking about so that was
the CIA's funding it's no different then
what's happening today absolutely no
difference same group all right
during the 1979 to 1989 war against the
Soviets Osama raise money and supplied
heavy machinery for the anti-communist
Mujahideen or holy warriors fighting the
Soviet invasion
he also Purdue provided financing for
the so-called services office which
recruited and trained the brigade of
four Muslim militants to fight alongside
the Afghan mujahideen the reason I
mentioned this is because there's a
claim that no no he wasn't part of that
group he was part of this group but in
fact even the CFR this is right from the
CFR is on website by the way when I give
you information I give you the real deal
I don't just give you some random
website I found or I typed something up
or I wrote it on a napkin I provided to
you this is the CFR zone website telling
you this information there's a lie that
claims that he was part of one group no
no no he wasn't part of the same group
and as far as I'm concerned I don't care
but what I see here is that there's
multiple groups probably all these
different factions it doesn't matter
because the money the weapons and the
training are all funneled into the same
group regardless and the end result as
we see today it's all the same
once the Afghan resistance financed by
the Saudis and the United States began
to wear down the Soviet Army bin Laden
look to extend the war beyond
Afghanistan bin Laden forged an alliance
with radical Islamist groups in Egypt
and organized al Qaeda so it's spread
you have mojo Hadean Taliban al Qaeda
and so on now I probably just lost all
of the monetization on this video what
else is new the dark secret of the black
budget so the CIA that by the way this
from 1987 there's so much more this is
from the CIA's own website just so we're
clear on the
there's something called a black budget
the questions of what's in the budget
where's it going who's it going to and
everything else not to be disclosed not
to be asked about even it basically
talks about that and here I mean at the
time back in 87 we're looking at about
35 billion and that's what was known so
I'm sure it's much much worse but anyway
these black budgets so let me piece this
you know what let me let me go on one
further and then I'll piece it all
together for you this right here this
big new Brzezinski who was instrumental
back in 1979 for setting up you know
with the CIA
setting up the Mujahideen he's there
saying your cause is right he said
you're doing God's good work does that
sound familiar right certainly does
let me piece this all together for a
moment here the CIA
funds these rebel groups now today they
are in complete control of the drugs
coming out of Afghanistan they use that
funnel it back into our streets people
then they're going to jail private
prisons make money creating lifetime
criminals forever that's the drug war
total failure unless you are making a
lot of money off it simultaneously we
have all these laws that have been put
into place
to stop this group that is creating an
asynchronous warfare that we're seeing
all the time
theatres and airports and everything
else and they are a product of our tax
dollars going into a black budget
nobody knows what's happening nobody
knows the details of all of this it's
shrouded in mystery but we have pieces
we do have some pieces I brought them to
you today I wanted to keep as quick as
possible when it keep it as light as
possible understand the facts there's a
lot of you know questions there's a lot
of gray area but we have a lot of facts
and well just with what I've given you
today I hope that is enough to scratch
the surface at least to bring this
information out there to realize that we
pay taxes we're giving them to this
government the government then uses that
against us I mean think about this they
created Google specifically to spy on us
Google is a creation of the government
doing so purposely to track categorize
database every single piece of
information that you have that when
you're walking down the street they're
following you when you're going through
any sort of camera the microphone that
I'm speaking into right now the
microphone on my cell phone that's
currently off is still recording me the
microphone on my computer the microphone
the the camera on my computer looking at
me in the face and recording every piece
of information bringing that back to the
powers that be and they will use it
against me they will use it against you
and that's just facts whatever you want
to believe about it whatever you want to
look into
that's up to you I just bring you the
facts that's all so that's all for this
video if you found it informative please
give me a thumbs up I don't cover this
type of information all the time but I
do believe that occasionally it's
important to get into some other topics
I'm sure I will get a very large
percentage of thumbs down I will get a
lot of negative comments but that's okay
you can't be friends with everyone you
can't agree with everybody nobody can
agree with everybody that's for sure
this was just something that I wanted to
do because we need to get into this
detail this was a request by somebody I
thought it was very important to bring
out this type of information so look
don't don't try and resist the deeper
pieces of information I don't get into
them all the time on this channel but
you should be looking into that on your
own as well I know that this video is
not gonna be monetized by Google that's
okay
once in a while you have to you know
push the envelope so that's all if you
found the video informative once again
please give me a thumbs up last but not
least if you found the video informative
I know you will find my books the money
GPS and my newer release global economic
collapse even more informative you can
check these on at Amazon links are in
the description below
take care